cloud: add msp docs (#16070)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/managed-service-provider-customer.md

---
title: Managed Service Provider Customer

> summary: Learn how to become a Managed Service Provider Customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to become a Managed Service Provider customer.
```

---

# Managed Service Provider Customer

> A managed service provider (MSP) is an end customer who purchases TiDB Cloud and pays invoices through the MSP channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A managed service provider (MSP) customer is an end customer who purchases TiDB Cloud and pays invoices through the MSP channel.
```

This document describes how to become an MSP customer and some common operations for MSP customers.

## Create a new MSP customer account

> To create a new MSP customer account, visit the MSP dedicated sign-up page. Each MSP has their own dedicated sign-up page, ask your MSP for the sign-up page URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new MSP customer account, visit the MSP dedicated sign-up page. Each MSP has a unique dedicated sign-up page. Contact your MSP to get the sign-up page URL.
```

## Migrate from a direct TiDB Cloud account to an MSP customer account

> **Tip:**
>
> Direct customers are the end customers who purchase TiDB Cloud and pay invoices directly from PingCAP.

If you are currently a direct customer with a TiDB Cloud account, you can ask your MSP to migrate your account to an MSP customer account.

The migration will take effect on the 1st of a future month. Discuss with your MSP to determine the specific effective date.

On the effective day of migration, you will receive an email notification.

## Check your future bills

Once you successfully become an MSP customer, you will pay invoices through your MSP. Ask your MSP where you can check your bills and invoices.

PingCAP does not send any bills and invoices to MSP customers.

## Check your history bills

> If you have migrated from a direct TiDB Cloud account to an MSP customer account, you can view your history bills prior to the migration by visiting **Billing** > **Bills** in the TiDB Cloud console.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have migrated from a direct TiDB Cloud account to an MSP customer account, you can view your history bills prior to the migration by visiting **Billing** > **Bills** > **History** in the TiDB Cloud console.
```
